README.md, before:

# TinyCLR Ports
This repository hosts ports of TinyCLR to many different devices. For information on porting TinyCLR to your device or building a firmware for an existing port, see https://docs.ghielectronics.com/software/tinyclr/porting/intro.html.

Some targets and devices are maintained by GHI Electronics while others are maintained by community contributions. Right now, the below devices and targets are officially supported and maintained by us. See [the docs](https://docs.ghielectronics.com/software/tinyclr/supported-devices.html) for more information. 

## Devices
- FEZCLR
- G30
- G80
- G120
- G400
- UC2550
- UC5550

## Targets
- STM32F4xx
- STM32F7xx
- LPC177x_LPC178x
- AT91SAM9X35

# Contributing
In order to contribute to TinyCLR, you must sign a [GHI Electronics Contribution License Agreement (CLA)](http://files.ghielectronics.com/downloads/Documents/GHI%20Electronics%20Contribution%20License%20Agreement.pdf) before we can accept any pull request from you. This only needs to be done once for any project from GHI Electronics. You can read more about CLAs on their [wikipedia page](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Contributor_License_Agreement).

If we don't have a CLA on file for you when you make your pull request, we'll ask you to do so. Just download the above file, sign it or have your employer do so if required, upload the signed copy, then send it to us at `clas at ghielectronics dot com`. Once we receive and verify it, we can then review and potentially accept your pull request.

Commit message:

Tweaked commercial wording in readme

README.md, after:

# TinyCLR Ports
This repository hosts ports of TinyCLR to many different devices and targets -- along with the TinyCLR OS reference implementation: the FEZ. For information on porting TinyCLR to your device or building a firmware for an existing port, see https://docs.ghielectronics.com/software/tinyclr/porting/intro.html.

Some targets and devices are maintained by GHI Electronics while others are maintained by community contributions. Right now, the below devices and targets are officially supported and maintained by us. See [the docs](https://docs.ghielectronics.com/software/tinyclr/supported-devices.html) for more information.

Keep in mind that building a firmware from source here will not include the additional commercial features that can be found in the pre-compiled firmwares we provide for a number of our devices. 

## Devices
- FEZCLR
- G30
- G80
- G120
- G400
- UC2550
- UC5550

## Targets
- STM32F4xx
- STM32F7xx
- LPC177x_LPC178x
- AT91SAM9X35

# Contributing
In order to contribute to TinyCLR, you must sign a [GHI Electronics Contribution License Agreement (CLA)](http://files.ghielectronics.com/downloads/Documents/GHI%20Electronics%20Contribution%20License%20Agreement.pdf) before we can accept any pull request from you. This only needs to be done once for any project from GHI Electronics. You can read more about CLAs on their [wikipedia page](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Contributor_License_Agreement).

If we don't have a CLA on file for you when you make your pull request, we'll ask you to do so. Just download the above file, sign it or have your employer do so if required, upload the signed copy, then send it to us at `clas at ghielectronics dot com`. Once we receive and verify it, we can then review and potentially accept your pull request.
